Add salesforce examples to the integration samples (#31)
ballerina-guides/integration-samples: salesforce_api/mysql-record-to-sfdc-new-product/readme.md

> Example to create a new product in Salesforce using MySQL and Salesforce integration.

Reviewer: Be consistent on file name. Some have `Readme.md` while this is`readme.md`

Author: Updated in [c20653b](https://github.com/ballerina-guides/integration-samples/pull/31/commits/c20653bca0edc3a9b9e7004e44d9128684c26348)

> Example to create a new product in Salesforce using MySQL and Salesforce integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a new product in Salesforce using MySQL and Salesforce integration.
```

Reviewer: Link salesforce and mysql

The following sample demonstrates a scenario of creating products in Salesforce with product details fetched from a MySQL database.

## Prerequisites
* Salesforce account
* MySQL Client

### Setting up a Salesforce account
1. Visit [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/) and create a Salesforce Account.
2. Create a connected app and obtain the following credentials:
    *   Base URL (Endpoint)
    *   Access Token
    *   Client ID
    *   Client Secret
    *   Refresh Token
    *   Refresh Token URL
3. When you are setting up the connected app, select the following scopes under Selected OAuth Scopes:
    *   Access and manage your data (api)
    *   Perform requests on your behalf at any time (refresh_token, offline_access)
    *   Provide access to your data via the Web (web)
4. Provide the client ID and client secret to obtain the refresh token and access token. For more information on obtaining OAuth2 credentials, go to [Salesforce documentation](https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=remoteaccess_authenticate_overview.htm).

> 5. Once you obtained all configurations, Replace "" in the `Config.toml` file with your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.Suggested change
5. Once you obtained all configurations, Replace "" in the `Conf.toml` file with your data.
5. Once you obtained all configurations, add those to the `config.toml` file.

```

Author: Updated in [bcf09ac](https://github.com/ballerina-guides/integration-samples/pull/31/commits/bcf09ac42e87543485854586312facacacd050cb)
